okay this CRD T's we spend an hour
talking and we we dope deep and then we
realized we're like ten percent of the
way down like this is a really deep hole
so but that's actually our problem that
we need to solve is CRD T's are a very
deep problem we're very hard to describe
if you're building an app how do you
know do you even use CRD T's and we we
figured that was the problem we needed
to solve so all the papers tend to be
academic the there's the documentation
is not approachable and like is your act
like you see Rd T's when you're learning
so you t'see want you C or D T's for
everything but you shouldn't you should
only use your DTS or some things and how
do you even know
so it's solution okay I got nothing
oh but yes so we did yes solutions we
may we start with the pros and cons
lists and we wanted to make that
basically turn that into a flow chart
basically should I use or can I use here
are duties from my project and then have
that guide you towards ideally a better
set of solutions so we made a plan to
make a chart
[Applause]